hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you a 10 minute morning
routine so my normal morning routine is
over an hour long I like to give myself
quite a lot of time in the morning to
get ready for the day however recently
this year I've started getting insomnia
sometimes and on occasion I have woken
up very late basically I want to show
you how despite running late I am able
to make the most of my morning and make
sure that I do have a productive morning
I don't understand why you're taking now
so first thing I do is just open the
window so that I can get some fresh air
this is a really meditative relaxing but
also a refreshing way to wake yourself
up winter air is just so beautifully
clean and I love to do this in the
mornings and then I will gave up my
beautiful bunny slippers on and I want
to go brush my teeth next this will be
your mistake
[Music]
at the same time I will not read I will
look over my to-do list for the day on
my phone look through my calendar see
what I've got coming up
[Music]
so then next I will wash my face just to
wake myself up again and just let some
cold water then I will head to the
kitchen and fill up my water bottle so
that I can have a nice cold glass of
water to get my to again wake my body up
they will drink the whole of one of
these chilies water bottles and at the
same time I like to make my body quite
big so you put my hands up in the air so
these are power poses and they release
adrenaline I believe and it makes you
feel more motivated with the day and
gives you more confidence in yourself
it's a really good idea I recommend
doing it then I will head back to my
room and I will choose what I'm gonna
wear today
this doesn't tend to take very long
because I like everything that I have in
my wardrobe today I decided to wear this
top which is very unlike the kind of
thing I usually wear I got it matching
with my friend Natasha and also these
brand new trousers from this Platina and
I over my curtains back up because you
should not keep your blinds open whilst
you're getting dressed and next I will
make my bed even when I'm in a rush I
love to do this because it makes you
feel more put together when you leave
your room and your room is tidy like I
don't like coming back to a messy room
on my bed isn't made and only takes
about 40 seconds to make your bed so
it's definitely worth doing
quickly run and put my pajamas in the
hamper and then I will do my hair if I'm
running late I will only ever brush my
hair and put in some clips to hold back
my fringe that I'm growing out and I
also like to put in these nice big clips
I really like the way they look
also of course you cannot forget
deodorant I love this aloe one from the
body shop then quickly put some hands on
ties Iran so I can put some face cream
on very important during the winter
because I have quite dry skin and I will
also put on some concealer but that is
as much makeup as I will wear when I'm
running late
[Music]
I also like to just have a quick spray
perfume I like to wipe our fumes in the
morning and it only takes 10 seconds to
put on
[Music]
then I went to put on some socks went
and got my coat it's pretty cold in the
UK at the moment and very rainy so I'm
wearing my ski coat and also a scarf
then I will just quickly put the last
few things in my backpack for university
which is usually my laptop and my book
because other things that I used in
between packing my bag last night and
going to sleep and then I will just put
onto the headphone so I can listen to an
audiobook on the way to campus I also
put on my rain hat if it's raining as it
is at the moment and go put on my shoes
I'm wearing these boots because they are
waterproof if I'm running very late I
will just grab a banana and also a fruit
and not fire of some kind so for example
this pretty much naked bar but if I can
and if I have enough time so if I've got
you know 15 20 minutes instead of 10
minutes I do like to make myself a
proper breakfast because I like to have
porridge in the mornings it keeps me
going and especially if I'm gonna be on
campus for a long time I really try to
make sure that I can have some porridge
so obviously this is very dependent on
how much time you've got left but I do
think it's important to have a
nutritious breakfast so there we go
there is my 10-minute morning routine or
15 minutes if you can't the porridge I
hope that you enjoyed watching this I
hope it's useful and I hope that you
have a productive week
[Music]